IBX-7076: Customizable dashboard described in User Documentation (#246)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/getting_started/dashboard/dashboard_block_reference.md

## Orders by status block [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

Displays a chart presenting orders split by status, with their number and percentage.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.
- **Statuses** - Set the statuses of orders that should be included in the list. Default value = All. The list of statuses depends on configured [order workflow](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/commerce/order_management/configure_order_management/) and can be customized.
- **Time period** - Set the time period: All time, Last day, Last week, Last month. Default value = Last month.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of orders and submit your changes.

## Products by category block [[% include 'snippets/experience_badge.md' %]] [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

Displays a chart presenting the products split by category, together with the percentage.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

> - **Number of categories** - Set a maximum number of categories to be displayed. Default value = 3, minimum value = 1, and maximum = 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Number of categories** - Set a maximum number of categories to be displayed. Default value = 10, 
```
As I checked in nightly, this limit is not implemented in backend. You can enter different value.
Currently default value is 10 and I would keep it (better than 3).

---
description: Pick from a list of dynamic blocks to create a customized dashboard.
edition: experience
---

# Dashboard block reference

The following blocks are provided with a clean installation of [[= product_name =]]:

> |Block|Description|

Author: Tags added in the blocks sections.

> |Block|Description|

Reviewer: Why some blocks sections don't have tags?

> |Block|Description|

Author: We're adding tags only for Experience and Commerce. If no tag, it means that the block is available in all editions.

> |Block|Description|

Reviewer: New Customizable dashboard based on page builder is available from Experience.
I guess these new blocks:
- Ibexa news
- Quick actions block
- Recent activity block
- Top 10 clicked items block
 won't be available in Headless with "old" Dashboard, right? 
As far I understood and described in spec (#FR2.0) in Ibexa Headless we will offer "old" Dashboard (without option to customize it) with only "old" blocks (existing in previous versions):
- My content
- Review queue
- Common content
 @mikadamczyk @adamwojs could you confirm it?

> |-----|-----------|

Author: They are sorted alphabetically. 
I'll add edition badges.

|[Common content](#common-content-block)|Displays a list of content items created by all members of the organization that the user belongs to.|

> |[Ibexa News](#ibexa-news-block)|Displays a list of recent blog posts or articles published at `ibexa.co` blog (product related).|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[Ibexa News](#ibexa-news-block)|Displays a list of recent blog posts or articles published at [ibexa.co blog (https://www.ibexa.co/blog) (product related).|
```

|[My content](#my-content-block)|Displays a list of content items created by the user who is currently logged in.|
|[Orders by status](#orders-by-status-block)|Displays a chart presenting orders and their status.|
|[Products by category](#products-by-category-block)|Displays a chart presenting products by their category.|

> |[Products with lowest stock](#products-by-category-block)|Displays a table presenting products with the lowest stock.|

Author: This information is not needed here.
There is a detailed description below, explaining that you can set number of products to be displayed:

**Number of products to be displayed** - Set a number of products to be displayed. Default value = 10.

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of content and submit your changes.

## Orders by status block

Displays a chart presenting orders split by status, with their number and percentage.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.
- **Statuses** - Set the statuses of orders that should be included in the list: Pending, Processing, Cancelled, Completed. Default value = All.
- **Periods** - Set the time period: All time, Last day, Last week, Last month. Default value = Last month.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of orders and submit your changes.

## Products by category block

Displays a chart presenting the products split by category, together with the percentage.
Some products can be assigned to multiple categories, or be uncategorized.
You can choose to show or hide uncategorized products in the chart.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

> - **Categories limit** - Set a maximum number of categories to be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Number of categories** - Set a maximum number of categories to be displayed. Default value = 10.
```

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

## Products with lowest stock block

Displays a table of products with the lowest stock.
Products are sorted based on Stock value (sorted from lowest to highest stock).

The table contains the following columns: Name, Image, Code, Category, Type, Variant, Stock.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.
- **Number of products to be displayed** - Set a number of products to be displayed. Default value = 10.

> - **Stock** - Enter the number of products in stock. Default value = 10.

Reviewer: We should explain it in different way: set up the maximum stock value (only product with stock >=0 and <=X will be displayed)

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of products and submit your changes.

## Quick actions block

> Displays most popular/used actions and shortcuts, for example, **Create content**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays selected mostly used actions and shortcuts, for example, **Create content**.
```

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

> - **Actions** - Select actions to be displayed as shortucts: Create content, Create form, Create product, Create catalog, Create company.

Reviewer: By default all actions are selected.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of quick actions and submit your changes.

## Recent activity block

> Displays a list of recent activity of all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a list of recent activity of all or selected user(s).
```

It also includes a link to view all activities available in Admin tab.

Recent activity block contains the following data: action time, User reference (avatar, first and last name) with a link to the user profile (if available),
Activity type with the context.

> Available filters are: Users, Activity type, Activity area (default value = All), Number of activities (default value = 5, maximum value = 10).

Reviewer: This is a part of block properties. But some labels are still not updated. Check: https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/IBX-7486

Author: For now, all the labels in the block properties, are (and have to be) consistent with what is visible on the UI. 
They will be updated when all the related PRs will be merged.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

> - **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

Reviewer: Here we miss:
- Users - by default activities of all users are configured
- Object class (or Activity area if it will be changed)

Reviewer: At this moment it's consistent with current UI, please update it later based on changes in: https://issues.ibexa.co/browse/IBX-7486

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.
- **Statuses** - Set the statuses of orders that should be included in the list: Pending, Processing, Cancelled, Completed. Default value = All.
- **Limit** - Set a maximum number of orders to be displayed. Default value = 10.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of orders and submit your changes.

## Review queue block

Displays a list of content items which user or User group can review.

On the **Properties** tab, set values in the following fields:

- **Name** - Enter a name for the block.

On the **Design** tab, in the **View** field, select the layout to be used to present a list of content items for review and submit your changes.

## Top 10 clicked items block

Displays a table presenting top 10 clicked items.

Table contains following columns: Item clicked (including item name), Item type, Recommended (presenting number of recommendations of selected item),
Clicked (presenting total number of clicks on selected item).

> Available filters are: Item types, Customer ID, Number of displayed items (default value = 10), Time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Please remove this sentence.
Some are described already in Properties below (Customer ID), other are not implemented in this version.
